handle OAUTHBEARER SASL connection (#1206)
kroxylicious/kroxylicious: docs/operating.adoc

* Downstream: Client to Kroxy
* Upstream: Kroxy to Kafka

=== Downstream authentication

==== PLAIN

#### Kafka client configuration

[source]
----
# Configure SASL_SSL if TLS/SSL encryption is enabled, otherwise configure SASL_PLAINTEXT
security.protocol=SASL_SSL
sasl.mechanism=PLAIN
sasl.jaas.config=org.apache.kafka.common.security.plain.PlainLoginModule required \
    username="USERNAME" \
    password="PASSWORD";
----

#### Virtual cluster configuration

WARNING: At this time PLAIN is only supported as delegated authentication (managed by upstream)

==== OAUTHBEARER

#### Kafka client configuration

[source]
----
# Configure SASL_SSL if TLS/SSL encryption is enabled, otherwise configure SASL_PLAINTEXT
security.protocol=SASL_SSL
sasl.mechanism=OAUTHBEARER
sasl.login.callback.handler.class=org.apache.kafka.common.security.oauthbearer.secured.OAuthBearerLoginCallbackHandler
sasl.oauthbearer.token.endpoint.url=JWKS_ENDPOINT
sasl.jaas.config=org.apache.kafka.common.security.oauthbearer.OAuthBearerLoginModule required \
  clientId="CLIENT_ID" \
  clientSecret="CLIENT_SECRET"
  scope="<scope>"; #<1>
----
<1> optional scope

#### Virtual cluster configuration

> Setting OAuth on virtual cluster is optional and will indicate to Kroxy to handle the SASL connection.
> The SASL connection is fully managed by Kroxy, upstream must not require a SASL connection because handshake
> and authenticate requests are not forwarded to upstream.
> Currently, Kroxylicious doesn't manage RBAC, so there is no role validation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting OAuth on a virtual cluster is optional.
When OAuth is not configured on a virtual cluster the SASL authentication will be delegated to the upstream broker: The broker will be aware of the client's identity and can use it for authorization. 
When OAuth is configured on a virtual cluster the proxy itself will perform the SASL authentication. The SASL requests will not be forwarded to the upstream broker. Consequently the broker connection must not require SASL, the broker won't know the client's identity and the broker cannot use the client identity for authorization.
```

[source, yaml]
----

> virtualClusters:
>   demo:
>     oauth:                          #<1>
>       jwksEndpointUrl: <url>        #<2>

Reviewer: Bikeshedding on the configuration schema for a moment... we need to think how the configuration can evolve to suit future needs. Kafka itself supports a number of SASL mechanisms. The proxy adds the possibility of handling authentication on the proxy or delegating/propagating the SASL requests to the broker. Ignoring for a moment the possibility multiple listeners on the broker, I feel that this is closer to what we should aim to express:

```suggestion
virtualClusters:
  demo:
    sasl:
      plain: 
        policy: disable  # 1
      scramSha256: 
        policy: propagate # 2
      scramSha512: 
        policy: propagate
      oauthBearer: # 3
        policy: authenticate
        configuration:
          jwksEndpointUrl: <url>
```

1. A mechanism can be in `disable` mode. Setting disabled means the mechanism won't allowed. If a client sends this mechanism in a `SaslHandshake` request we'll return `UNSUPPORTED_SASL_MECHANISM`.
2. A mechanism can be in `propagate` mode. Setting `propagate` means the mechanism will be allowed and the handler will forward `SaslAuthenticate` requests to the broker.
3. A mechanism can be in `authenticate` mode. This means the mechanism will be allowed but the handler will handle the `SaslAuthenticate` requests. In this mode we also have to supply the configuration necessary for the proxy to handle the authentication itself. 

For backwards compatibility if a mechanism is omitted then it's considered to be in `propagate` mode. If `sasl` itself is omitted then we propagate everything to the broker.
